But he has described the affair so well himself that it would be useless to try to abbreviate it.
Instead I felt envious of this earlier version of myself, unencumbered by the burden of abstinence.
The thing I worry about is that he likes giving good speeches, he likes the adulation and he likes to make people happy.
No matter what adversity or fear we may confront, we are always inherently free to choose how to be.
These were men of their time, and their aesthetic interest in the ancient world was throttled by Christian prudery.
If you were a bit more amicable, people would not be afraid to approach you.
This newsstand’s owner, however, is a bit more optimistic about his seemingly anachronistic print-based business model.
Jillian’s anecdote about her crowded flight made us all laugh.
They think they are anonymous on the web but I can trace them all.
Do you think the antagonist is going to kill the hero at the end of the movie?
The crops will not grow in the arid ground because the soil is too dry.
That was very assiduous of you to finish those financial reports weeks ahead of schedule.
Clara’s lifelong dream is to start a program that grants asylum to persecuted citizens from other countries.
How benevolent of you to help families in need of Christmas!
Because of the camaraderie they shared, the soldiers trusted each other with their lives.
If Bart receives another censure from his boss, he will more than likely lose his job.
My boss asked me to simplify the circuitous language for the average reader.
The psychic’s clairvoyant abilities allowed her to see into the future.
The software engineers will collaborate on the project to make sure it is available to the customer on the agreed upon date.
According to the court record, the serial killer showed no compassion for his victims.
It will take a last-minute compromise between the two political parties to avoid a government shutdown.
Rick said this condescending remark at work today: "I'm better than all of you!"
The first sale is conditional and will be cancelled if the seller cannot produce a thousand units within a week’s time.
As someone who refuses to be a conformist, I go out of my way to take the path less frequently chosen.
The congregation was shocked when its pastor was arrested for selling drugs.
The sculptor used a convergence of science and art to create beautiful sculptures of the muscles of the human body.
Because I know alcohol is deleterious, I rarely drink more than one glass of wine.
Todd wrote an excellent paper describing Hitler as a DEMAGOGUE.
During my speech, I made a digression and went off topic.
The teacher believes the diligent students will check their answers.
During the divorce, he did some pretty terrible things to bring discredit upon his wife.
Pacifists are likely to disdain my right to gun ownership.
My mother and I have very divergent ideas about how I dress.
Bart has a hard time forming healthy relationships because he lacks empathy for others.
I ask you not to emulate and copy my inventions.
The climate, especially from November to April, is somewhat enervating to the Englishman, but not unhealthy.
One of the best ways to enhance your vocabulary is by reading and discovering new words.
While we were waiting in the drive-thru, we sang for our ephemeral amusement.
We would have all missed the evanescent moment if not for the photographer’s speed and skill.
When Jane saw the dog pee on the curtain, she grabbed her shoe in exasperation.
Married for over fifty years, my grandparents have an exemplary marriage.
Despite my late cancellation, the cruise line is giving me a full refund due to my extenuating issues.
Jane’s normally ashen face was florid because of her sunburn.
Mark proved to be fortuitous by selecting all six winning lotto numbers.
Stop being so frugal and just buy me a real gold necklace!
Too often used by young girls, the word “like” has become hackneyed.
The principal at my school is haughty and considers herself to be above everyone else.
Because he is a hedonist, Henry never does anything which does not give him joy.
There is no data to accept or refute this hypothesis.
His impetuous behavior landed him in prison.
It was wrong of me to impute you for the failure of the dinner party when I was the one who did not properly plan the event.
This statement is totally incompatible with Sir Henry Daly's and is only one of many contradictions in the case.
Worrying about inconsequential tasks will prevent you from doing projects which really matter.
Since Mary never wears shoes, it was inevitable that she would get a piece of glass in her foot.
My personal integrity will not let me lie to anyone.
The intrepid kitten walked slowly in front of the two big dogs.
The intuitive teacher could tell from the student’s guilty look he had cheated on his final exam.
My boss' resignation was celebrated with great jubilation by the entire company.
The lobbyist took the senator’s secretary out to lunch to see if he could learn more about the legislator’s position on the issue.
The new batteries being marketed by the manufacturer are supposed to have a five-year longevity.
My mundane life of working at a dead-end job for the last decade is getting old.
Surprisingly, the woman was nonchalant about her husband’s death.
The bike race is only for novice riders who have never participated in a professional race.
We were afraid to sit in the chairs because they looked so opulent.
Thad is a much-liked orator who keeps people fully engaged while he is speaking.
I tried to tell Mary her fur coat was a bit too ostentatious to be worn at a funeral!
During the marathon, Adam frequently relieved his parched throat with hydrating liquids.
When questioned about his ex-wife, Eric described her as a perfidious woman who could not be faithful to any man.
My precocious little girl thinks she knows everything there is to know about life.
Because the weight loss product seemed fake and pretentious to me, I decided to buy an alternative item.
To most voters, it seems as though elected officials procrastinate when they need to make a decision.
The title of your book is so prosaic that most people are going to walk right past it in the store.
Once Karen has prosperity and can fulfill all her financial dreams, she still may not be happy.
The purpose of the con artist’s provocative speech is to inspire us to give him our life savings.
Even though my aunt thinks it is hard to quit smoking, she knows it is a prudent decision to stop the bad habit.
If there was an award for being querulous, my aunt would win because she is always complaining about something.
Many people became rancorous because of the man's ignorant speech.
I guess being reclusive is a poor way to make friends.
The reconciliation between the two kings will never occur because both men are too stubborn.
Old homes may under go renovation if the property is having trouble selling.
A resilient individual will not be hurt by insults.
The skilled dog trainer restrained his poodle elegantly at the competition.
Not surprisingly, everyone treated the Pope with a great deal of reverence at the event.
While many people believed he was stupid, the politician’s sagacity allowed him to realize he would not be elected again.
Do not sign your name on any document you have not had time to scrutinize!
It was an act of spontaneity for my normally unromantic husband to bring me flowers.
To win elections, politicians often make spurious promises to voters.
After months of training, our aggressive dog finally became submissive.
The nosey old lady was unable to substantiate the allegation her neighbors were drug dealers.
Only the diamond expert could see the subtle difference between the real diamond and the fake one.
The wooden floor looks somewhat strange because the stain has only gone so far as the superficial grains of the board.
Forty inches of rain in the same day is a superfluous amount of rainfall, even for a drought-stricken town.
Cigarettes seem to suppress our natural immunity somewhat.
The dog has his surreptitious ways of stealing table scraps behind my back.
The doctor was tactful as he told the woman about her incurable illness.
Trapped in the cabin, the tenacious teenager would not quit until she found a way to escape.
Because Jack and his wife relocate from city to city looking for work, they are considered to be a transient couple.
The title of country president should only be held by a venerable man who has earned the respect of his countrymen.
Don’t even try to use your charm and good looks to vindicate your obnoxious behavior last night.
Fluffy gave her owners a wary look when they walked in the door with a new puppy.